Well, good morning, family.
I appreciate you joining me tonight.
I could say good evening, or I could say good afternoon for some of you.
I don't know; it's all over the world.
That's why people go, 'You didn't say good morning.
' So, I'm going to say good morning, family.
Thank you for joining us again today.
We'll talk about some stuff.
I won't make it too long because it's already late.
I've been really busy today, but I have a couple of things here for you.
I'm really excited about what our Secret Service uncovered today.
I believe that as a result of our prayer, I truly do.
As the believing believer stands on the wall and prays for this nation, we see what I've told you in my spirit, what I felt that the Lord was showing us about something major.
This looks like they stumbled upon something major as it was announced today by Homeland Security or by Secret Service or whatever.
That was pretty amazing.
The scheme, this plot, and this plan that they were trying to do to communicate secretly—I said through back hidden doors.
Well, who knew it would be this kind of a back hidden door?
I was like, 'Wow.
' As it was being talked about in the media today, I told my wife, 'Isn't Jesus wonderful how this was uncovered?
' I guess I don't want to say anything ever is an accident—by the hand of God, by the hand of God moving in our behalf to try to disrupt and cause great mass confusion and all kinds of plots and plans here.
I believe in my spirit, when I'm praying over this even more today, that there's a lot more that will be uncovered in the days ahead, even with what they found.
We will believe God tonight as a family that whatever else is out there, any other kind of hidden networking or other kind of apartment complex rooms or whatever, will be found by what they found today and in the past, whenever they found it.
I was trying to make sense of that, if they found it today or if this was something that they just decided to announce today or whatever.
But just the whole, all of it given nobody got hurt, and that there's going to be a whole bunch of trails to go out and find because they were even saying, as you will hear in just a minute, that there was a whole bunch of foreign governments that were involved in this and all kinds of stuff.
So, it's pretty amazing.
I don't know how many people heard about what happened in New York today.
In the comment section, tell us, did you hear about what happened in New York today?
What are they saying?
Oh, no, I don't know.
Nobody has a clue, huh?
Well, how many people are here right now?
2,700.
Okay, go ahead and play the clip of what was uncovered today in New York City and tell us if you can hear it.
'Sir, how are you?
' 'Good.
How are you?
' 'What they uncovered was a major network of telecommunications devices that can be used anonymously and encrypted.
They can be used to shut down cell towers.
They could be used to not allow access to EMS and 911.
You see, what we found when we went in there were shelves of these SIM cards and SIM servers that were used to run this network.
It can't be understated what this system is capable of doing.
Like I said, it can take down cell towers so then no longer can people communicate, right?
You can't use Waze, you can't use text message, you can't use your cell phone.
And if you coupled that with some sort of other event, right, associated with an attack or, you know, use your imagination there, it could be catastrophic to the city.
Definitely nation-state, foreign governments communicating over that network to known criminals in the United States and known organized crime, known cartels, and terrorist groups were using this network to run their communications anonymously and encrypted.
Let me just explain that this is no longer a threat.
We've taken this network down.
Could there be others?
Right.
It would be unwise to think that there are not other networks out there being made in other cities in the United States.
And that's going to be part of our investigation.
We're going to run down every single lead.
We want to identify, locate, and take down these criminals that are setting up these networks.
My message to them is: if you're involved in this, we're coming for you.
' Did you see all of those SIM cards and how it was all linked together?
And even in the news article, they said this was funded very well.
It was funded.
I can't even imagine what that cost, but a major, major, major something here was uncovered today.
This was not just a normal, small-minded person doing this; this is somebody who is pretty smart to hook all that up.
They knew what they were doing and for it to be encrypted so that they could hide and communicate with this and that nobody could hear what they were saying.
Remember, I told you, every time I'm praying in the spirit, I hear back rooms.
They're able to bypass so that they're not able to be seen or heard.
Well, as we hear in part, see in part, and as we're praying into this, look, just like the man said—I don't know who that man was, but that is very thought out.
And I don't know how long that's been going on, but what he was saying was, and even in the article that Diana was reading to me, that they had the capability to text everyone in the United States of America within 12 minutes.
Everyone in the United States of America could receive a text message within 12 minutes from this machine, whatever that was, that they could push the button and it would send a text message or have so much texting going on from that area that it would actually affect the whole infrastructure of the city of New York, so that if there was a major event that took place, some kind of activity, it would make it impossible for people to reach the 911 operators to ask for help.
They could jam up the police station and all this stuff with that machine that you saw there.
All glory to God, folks, that that was uncovered and that was brought to justice today, and that God is—I'm telling you, prayer changes things.
As we intervene by praying in the spirit, I told you we are called to pray and that the power of prayer will change things.
And I see this as an answer to prayer today, that we see what I told you, praying over those five major cities.
One of them was New York, as I told you.
And the Lord said, 'As you pray, you will change things and the course of things.
' And I believe God is raising us up for such a time as this.
And that's why he said, 'If you try to shut the watchmen's mouths up as we call to prayer—a call to prayer, a call to repentance, a call to seek Jesus—they're only hurting themselves.
' So, we see a result of prayer today.
I just believe that.
And there's much more to follow.
I believe as they go through those SIM cards, in the article they said they have to go through all 100,000 SIM cards.
I'm like, that's 100,000 cell phones.
I mean, each SIM card represents a cell phone.
So, if they go through, they said they'll have to go through each one and they'll be able to see the text messages and all the things that were said secretly through each phone number that was all intertwined into a major scheme.
So, isn't that amazing what God did today?
I just want you all to know the Lord is on the throne.
He is up there, and I'm telling you, it may be—I was just like, 'Thank you, Father.
' I know in my spirit there's more.
I know in my spirit that there'll be more in the days ahead that will be uncovered.
This is just the beginning of the first domino of what we're doing in prayer, that we're able to uncover and expose the plan of the wicked.
Isn't that awesome?
So much more to follow in the name of Jesus.
There is no rock that's big enough for them to hide under; all hidden things will be revealed by prayer.
And as we pray and fast and seek the Lord, He said, 'If my people, who are called by my name, will humble themselves and pray and turn from their wicked ways, then we will hear from heaven, and He will heal our land.
' And I believe this is—like I said, I keep saying it over and over again—number two of what happened.
Today, we see President Trump going to the UN.
And you know, they tried to dishonor him by even turning the escalator off, so he would not be honored with that escalator going up.
They turned it off right when he stood there getting ready to get on.
I said, 'That's not a coincidence.
Somebody was being rude, making our First Lady walk up those stairs like that.
' I said, 'Whoever did that should be fired immediately.
' I know that was on purpose.
You know that was on purpose, because that kind of stuff doesn't just happen by accident.
The President of the United States just walks up to it and they just turn the escalator off?
I said, 'Come on now.
It's just immature crap.
' We see that happen to him, and, whatever.
And then they turned off his teleprompter so he had to speak from the heart, which I think is funny to see him speak like that when he's up there telling all those other nations they are going to hell.
I thought some of the things he says are really funny.
Do you have that clip?
You guys can't laugh because I'll start coughing.
Do you have that son?
We were laughing about it because he was so bold today.
You know, he was unscripted because he didn't read off that teleprompter.
Is it there?
Who saw him say that?
Did anybody else hear him say that?
Well, the bottom line is he stood with Israel.
And that's what we were praying and believing God for, that our nation will stay a sheep nation in the name of Jesus.
And so we believe that as we bless Israel, the blessing of the Lord comes upon our land.
I didn't say an administration.
I said, 'As the nation of America stands with Israel, I believe there's a blessing behind it.
' Listen, it's funny what he says here.
Do you have it?
Yeah.
'Filled with so-called asylum seekers who repay kindness.
And that's what they did.
They repaid kindness with crime.
It's time to end the failed experiment of open borders.
You have to end it now.
See, I can tell you, I'm really good at this stuff.
Your countries are going to hell.
In America, we've taken bold action to swiftly shut down uncontrolled migration.
Once we started detaining and deporting everyone who crossed the border and removing illegal aliens from the United States, they simply stopped coming.
They're not coming anymore.
We're getting a lot of credit, but they're not coming anymore.
' He's just funny.
I think it's funny.
You know, when you don't have a teleprompter, you start just talking.
He's just funny.
I mean, I don't know.
Some of you might not think that's funny, but I think it's funny.
But we saw him stand behind Israel today.
We saw him stand by what I knew in my spirit that he would do, warning the other people and them saying, 'We need to have peace in Gaza.
We need to have peace in these areas.
' But he's like, 'We need to release the hostages that they've been holding for over—going on, I don't know, is this three years?
Two, three years.
' It's ridiculous.
These men and women who are still being held—I think he said twelve of them—they should be with their families in the process of peace.
And then they asked, 'Should NATO countries shoot down Russian planes or whatever if they cross over into areas they shouldn't?
' And he said, 'Yes.
' So, you know, there's a lot of escalation there.
What I told you I feel will turn into World War III in the days ahead.
I pray that it does not.
I pray for peace over the whole world.
But we know what the Bible says, that there will be escalations of wars and rumors of wars.
There will be plagues, pestilences, and all these things.
But this is the beginning of sorrows, and the Lord told us this was coming.
So, we're seeing it unfold.
But as we prayed last night, does anybody remember what was said in last night's prayer time that was glorious?
I'll go right into that real quick, and we'll talk about some other things and pray for a little bit.
Last night, I saw the cloud, and the cloud started to build.
It was the size of a car at the time when I first saw it on the edge of heaven.
I could see it start to grow, and the cloud began to grow with such intensity and so quickly that it started to fill up the whole area of the vision.
It looked like a raincloud, but it got larger and larger and larger.
I could see it, and it was taking shape.
All of a sudden, drops of rain started to fall, and you could see the rain falling in the rays of the light coming from behind the cloud.
I could see the rain begin to fall, just starting to sprinkle.
But I heard the sound of an abundance of rain upon the nations of this earth.
And all of a sudden, I could hear the rain in the spirit realm, and you could smell it.
You could feel the rain falling upon me.
I could feel it as it was raining.
And He said, 'I looked at Africa, and I could see the African people.
They were in tribal outfits, and they had their hands raised, worshiping the Lord.
' And some of them were twirling.
And as they were doing that, I saw the rain pouring down on them in Africa as they were worshiping.
I could see the water running down their faces and all down their arms and their bodies.
And I could see the rain of the Holy Spirit raining down on them.
It was coming.
It was in their mouth; it was on their lips.
And I could see the rain, and they were saturated with the presence and the glory of the Lord.
And their skin began to shine as the glory was on their faces and the rain was there.
And I heard the Spirit of the Lord say, 'This is the former and the latter rain together, and another wave of the glory is coming upon the nations of the earth.
' I saw then the rain begin to spread throughout everywhere: Asia, South America, America, and it was glorious.
And I could hear the rain.
And that's whenever I kept hearing Him say, 'Can these bones live?
Can the dry bones of the spiritually dead live?
The seeker-friendlies, the lukewarm, can these bones live?
' The Lord was saying again, as I could hear the sound of a mighty waterfall, just like when you hear rain in the distance and it's just pouring—you just hear it, I could hear it—and He said, 'The rain's coming.
It's no longer coming, son; it's here.
' That's what the Lord said.
'You'll start to see the first drops.
' Even when it was with Charlie's funeral, his homegoing service, He said, 'You're seeing the first drops fall.
You're seeing the first drops fall of a great outpouring of My Spirit upon all flesh.
You're going to see what you never thought you—I mean, what you've always dreamed you would see.
' But as I was looking, the Lord allowed me to see pressure.
Persecution comes for His name's sake.
I saw Canada.
I saw the freedom to be able to say what you want to say.
Even in our country, the First Amendment, the right to freedom of speech being challenged in the days ahead on social media platforms.
But mainly in this vision, I saw it being challenged in Australia and in Canada.
And I saw an olive press.
And as the olive press was pressing the olives, I saw it being tightened and tightened and tightened.
And as the olive press was pressing down upon the olives, it was springing forth beautiful olive oil.
And this was a representation, I believe, of a new outpouring and a new pressure on the church.
Out of the pressure of persecution came beautiful, fresh olive oil.
I saw great darkness.
I saw great trial for some, testing your faith, being persecuted for your faith in a way that this generation, a lot of Western society, would not be familiar with, compared to what maybe the Far East has experienced: a great persecution from China, from the Iron Curtain that's on North Korea, the darkness that tries to suppress Christianity all around the world, from Iranian Christians that are tortured and murdered without any kind of sympathy at all.
And I saw that a lot of people think if they're persecuted in a comment section—which I have been in the past, and I don't even read them anymore—but through persecution, through these keyboard warriors, the Lord said that's not true persecution compared to when you're dragged down the street by a motorcycle driving down the street at 35 or 40 miles an hour and you're being dragged to death.
That's great persecution, do you understand?
Or losing your head for what you believe.
That's persecution.
That's martyrdom.
And that's what the Lord was showing me: the Western culture doesn't understand that kind of persecution.
But as your freedom of speech and other areas are tested in the days ahead, I saw great pressure coming from Canada upon the citizens in the days ahead.
And I saw an olive pressing, and I saw the church going through a metamorphosis of growth spiritually.
But as you take for granted the very freedoms that you have on a day-to-day basis, when that freedom is challenged and you're called to stand for something and make a choice, versus being a coward and hiding behind something—either you stand for something or you lose it.
Either you get a backbone like a crowbar or you lose it.
And the Lord showed me persecution coming upon the church in Europe, persecution coming to the churches because of people being lukewarm, not standing for what they believe, and taking things for granted.
You will not be able to take for granted what you truly believe: pastors, great influencers.
It was sad what I was seeing, but I saw a Holy Ghost church rise up out of their slumber.
I saw a church rise up and say, 'Enough's enough.
' And they stood for what they believed in, and they weren't cowards anymore.
It's kind of like Tommy Hicks' vision.
If you go back to Tommy Hicks' vision and read about the glorious church, a giant in the land rises up because the Lord points the glory hand at him, and the giant rises up, and the body comes together and starts moving as one body instead of a bunch of rogue people like Rambo.
The body comes together, and I told you what the Lord said to me, that you will see in the days ahead the body of Christ move as a body.
It will no longer be, 'Well, you're Baptist, I'm Methodist, I'm Church of Christ, I'm Catholic, you're this.
' No, it was a body joining together with one purpose and one cause, and that's to tell everybody that Jesus Christ is coming and it's time to repent and turn from your wicked ways.
And I saw a glorious church rising.
I saw a great revival coming from sea to shining sea all around this world.
We're about to see the greatest harvest of souls this world has ever seen before.
And we're going to see an outpouring of the Spirit of God like we've never seen before, and great manifestations and demonstrations of the glory.
But it will come when the church—I saw a great shaking is what I'm trying to tell you.
I saw a great shaking to awaken, and the church starts to wake up, and the giant takes form.
And there's brush harbor churches.
I saw the old tent revivals coming back.
I saw, like Mario Murillo, you know, he does these tent meetings, I saw tent meetings coming back and a Holy Ghost Woodstock coming.
Not people smoking dope, but high in the glory, just saturated in the presence of God to the point where the glory is so strong you don't want anything else other than just to spend that time at His throne, sold out.
I know a lot of people are disappointed today because they thought they were going home.
They thought the rapture was coming today.
A lot of people did.
But I'm trying to tell you all, it's time to shake that off now.
And it's time to put on your armor in full capacity and let's get busy about our Father's business—a rally of the troops to say, 'Let's occupy until He comes, and stop with the nonsense.
Let's get busy about our Father's business and bring in the greatest harvest of souls this world has ever seen before.
Let's make Dad proud.
Let's let Him say, "Well done, thy good and faithful servant.
" It's time for us to do this.
' There's too much prophetic static.
There's too much clutter in the air, too much confusion.
It's time for you to go Holy Ghost inward and seek Him.
Find Him for yourself—not the Holy Ghost on Brandon, or on a Billy Burke, or on a Joseph, or any of these others.
Find the Holy Ghost for yourself.
And the Bible says that when you seek Him, you will find Him.
He said, 'My people will know my voice.
My sheep will know my voice, and a stranger's voice they will not follow.
' And I truly believe when you're truly His and you're sold out, you're going to hear Him, and you're not going to hear all this static in the air and all this confusion that's going on right now.
There's a lot of people that are very discouraged because of what they believed so strongly was going to happen today.
But we're into tomorrow in just a couple of hours here, especially in Central and Eastern it's already happened, and in Israel it's already the 24th.
I'm not here to poke at you.
I'm here to encourage you that we have to keep fighting.
You have to keep your head up.
You cannot let down your guard and get discouraged and be weary in well-doing.
We must stand and fight the fight.
We must stand and say, 'Hey, listen, it's time to take the baton and run with it, and forget the nonsense.
We must finish the race and have a great victory.
' Let's do it for our Dad.
Let's do it for Jesus.
He's our heavenly Father and He loves us.
Let's do it for our heavenly Father, and let's do it with great victory.
Ladies and gentlemen, I tried to warn you what He told me over and over and over again.
I hope that encourages you at the same time, that He said, 'I've saved the best for last.
Here, my warriors, these are the closers.
You are the closers of the game.
' You are the closers.
This generation will not taste death before the Son of Man returns.
I believe with all my heart that this is the generation that won't taste death.
I believe that we are the closers.
Is it time yet?
No.
The gospel must be preached throughout all of the world as a witness.
Do you understand?
North Korea hasn't had an opportunity to hear it.
A lot of those people have never heard about it.
There's 42 million or more, whatever it was, of North Koreans that have never had the opportunity to hear about Jesus Christ.
That's not fair.
How many people in China have never heard about it?
How many people have really truly got to sit down and have a major move of God on their life?
And the Lord said to me He's giving a window of opportunity for the Asians, for there will be a major harvest of souls in the Asian community that is going to look like a major tidal wave of the glory that's about to hit Asia.
And it will start in Japan and in South Korea, North Korea.
It's going to spread like a Holy Ghost lava that's going to go all over, and people's lives are going to be forever changed.
I saw the Middle East.
I saw India.
I saw a major harvest of souls all throughout India, over Vietnam, and over the Philippines.
I'm telling you, the greatest move of God this world has ever seen is about to hit this planet in a way that's going to be a tidal wave of the presence of the glory of God.
'Well, I've heard that before.
' No, I'm telling you, when I had my time today, I can't get into the depth of what was said because it was private for me and my wife, but the glory filled my car.
I had to pull over.
And whenever I pulled over, Diana could smell Him, could smell the fragrance.
She said, 'I smell it.
' I started speaking, and I gave the word, and Braden, we were all in awe of the glory and the weight of the presence of God in our car today.
And I just sat there and listened to what the Father was saying as we took notes because He told us the next phase, because it began today on the 23rd, from Rosh Hashanah.
He said, 'As the trumpets blow on the Feast of Trumpets, I blow My trumpets for you, son.
' And I could hear the horns.
I could hear the sound.
I sat there in awe as my Father...
Do you understand?
He loves you.
I sat in awe at what He was saying today.
A great tidal wave of the glory is here.
It's no longer coming.
It's time for you to tap into it for yourself.
Stop the static, prophetic telephone-to-telephone.
Get a touch from Jesus for yourself.
'Jesus, I'm thirsty.
Jesus, I'm hungry.
I need more of You, God.
I need a revelation of who You are.
' You're wall-to-wall, Holy Ghost.
And I know I hear them say, 'You are not going to get more of God.
You already have all that you have.
' But He knows what I'm saying.
'I need you to have more of Me' is what I hear.
But I just want more.
I want greater revelation.
I want a greater touch.
I want a greater fire on my life.
He came to set the captives free by the blood of the Lamb and by the word of your testimony.
Do you understand?
He doesn't want you bound by the devil's works anymore.
He said, 'Great deliverances are about to take place, and you're going to see people that were bound by things, and it's time.
It's time now.
Tonight's the night for your expiration date for what you've been believing for.
It's time to start believing for bigger.
It's time to come up higher in your capacity of belief.
Stretch yourself as we close out 2025, getting ready to go into 2026.
We've got three more months of this beautiful year left that God has graced us with.
Three months.
This is the fourth quarter.
What will you do in the fourth quarter?
It's the closer of the year.
You've got three months—like, 90 days left, 100 days left before the Lord would bring us another beautiful year of our Gregorian calendar, right?
So I want you to believe God, as we start the new Jewish New Year right now, believe God for your exceedingly abundantly above all that you dare ask or think.
As you close out the rest of our year, believe for big.
There's nothing too big, and there's nothing too small.
Jesus Christ paid the price for it all.
Believe God for big.
Inspire yourself.
Stir yourself up.
Don't let what one prophetic guy missed make you get all disappointed and say, 'Well, I'm just devastated.
No, I'm just having the hardest time.
I wanted him to come back.
' So, occupy until He comes, soldier.
Brush off the dust and keep marching.
Onward, soldier.
Keep marching.
Occupy, take the land, be like the children of Israel.
Don't say, 'We're the size of grasshoppers in their eyes.
There are giants in the land.
' Say, 'No.
Who is this uncircumcised Philistine who tries to defy the armies of the living God?
I'm taking the head off this giant.
' You either have a boldness and a can-do attitude, or you're going to get defeated.
The enemy is running around looking for whom he can devour.
Can he devour you?
You're going to have to get bolder.
You're going to have to become wiser.
You're going to have to seek Him more.
You're going to have to thirst more.
You're going to have to weep more.
You're going to have to sit at His throne more and say, 'Jesus, I'm here.
I need You.
I'm here to stand on the wall tonight to tell you we have work to do.
' That's what my main voice was: to yell as loud as I could at this time, as I knew this day was coming.
That this is the point of no return.
You can feel it.
Can you feel it?
Tell me in the chat if you can feel there's something different about today.
As we heard Donald Trump on the 23rd, the point of no return, defend Israel, and state that as America, we will stand behind the fig tree.
He didn't say that directly, but that's what he was saying.
Do you understand what that means?
I told you to watch—even last night when the Lord was giving us the words, He said, 'Watch the fig tree.
Watch what happens with Israel in the next week or so.
' There were enemies on all sides of them.
There were storms on all sides of them.
Everyone in the world seems to be coming against them, and there was a storm all around them, and I saw a great storm coming.
But as I saw it, I saw a massive hand come down and scoop those bad guys up—people that were coming—and I saw God defend His people in a way that will shock and awe the whole world.
Am I defending some of their actions?
No.
Am I defending a government?
I'm defending the people, the name of Israel.
And Israel is forever.
Israel is forever.
And I do not believe in replacement theology.
And if you do, you're not on the right channel.
You might as well unsubscribe and move on.
If you believe in that, I do not.
I believe that Israel is forever, and that God has His hand upon Israel, and I stand for the peace of Jerusalem.
I stand for the people.
I stand for praying for the peace of Jerusalem.
We make a stand where there needs to be a stand, and believe God for big for a major move of God.
So, do y'all have any questions about last night before we move on and start praying?
Once we start praying, I'm going to pray and see if the Lord shows us anything.
And after that, I'm closing because I'm going to go.
But it's already 10 o'clock.
Do you have anything?
'You saw Africa?
' Yep, I saw Africa.
I saw a great move of God on Africa.
A great move of God.
Yep, it was beautiful.
Oh, and I saw a major earthquake taking place in British Columbia again.
And it shook Seattle.
It shook British Columbia, and it was devastating again.
I keep seeing this.
I keep seeing a volcano erupting in the ocean.
I saw hundreds of thousands of dead fish laying everywhere.
There were so many that they had to have suits on to scoop up the dead fish, and they were putting them in bags and trying to get rid of all the dead fish.
It was something biblical.
It was very nasty.
So, 'Ontario, Canada Adams.
' Yeah, I believe Adam's lease.
I don't know, I'm praying about that.
I believe it.
I believe something major happened today with that.
I'm still praying over it, y'all.
I'm telling you, I saw that in 24 hours everything was going to change.
Everything would start to change.
From that point on, the birthing pains would be at the point of no return.
That's what He said: 'the point of no return and a great acceleration.
' There's no more epidural; it's time to push.
And that's what we would see come today.
We would start to see the point of no return.
And I believe, even with the speech that was made today at the UN, it goes along with everything.
You can't schedule that.
Do you understand?
Do you not see the hand of God in that concerning the fig tree today in the United States saying what they said?
It's happening.
So, it's exciting.
Do you agree?
Isn't it wonderful?
I mean, seriously, folks, we're at a time we've all been believing for and dreaming of.
I just believe it.
So, let's just take communion and pray for a little bit.
You want to pray?
Father, we just thank you, Father, for the body.
We thank you, Lord, for all that you've done.
We thank you, Lord, for visitations from heaven.
Thank you, Lord, that I've been to heaven, this guy.
I've been to heaven for this book.
I thank you, Father, for authentic things.
We thank you, Lord God, that we're expecting a move in this earth.
We're expecting a move in the earth, a harvest of souls in these end times, and we believe we receive it.
We believe we receive it.
We believe we're the closers.
And Father, we believe that this is a time like never before that we will soar on the wings of eagles and we will bring all glory to Jesus in these last days, like what Billy always said, to deflect the glory to you, Lord.
And we take this body in the name of Jesus and we lift it up before you, Lord, and we thank you, Lord, that we're healed, and we're so thankful for communion.
We're so thankful for communion, Lord.
We're so grateful, Father, for communion.
We're so thankful, Father, for all that you've done and all that you're going to do in the name of Jesus.
And we take the blood and we apply the blood of Jesus over every single one of us tonight.
We apply the blood of Jesus and we make much of the blood and the blood makes much of us.
We apply the blood all around our houses.
We apply the blood over our families.
We apply the blood over our children.
We apply the blood over our workplace where we go to work, over our churches that there'll be a great revival starting with us.
And we take the blood of Jesus right now in the name of Jesus, and we give you all the glory.
Amen and amen.
Thank you, Lord.
We give all of the glory to Jesus and tell of his love, his wonderful love.
We give all of the glory to Jesus and tell of his wonderful love.
Do you believe that?
It's time.
I'll tell you more about what I saw about Jesus if you want to know more about that visitation, and I can go into more detail about it.
I realize there's so many new faces that are coming here all the time that don't hear all the visitations that I've had—the angelic visitations pushing us in the truck when we ran out of gas on the side of the road.
Fifty percent haven't heard of the angel pushing a truck down.
How high?
Wow, 52% now.
Fifty-two percent never heard that.
Fifty-three.
I'll just tell it now.
There's too many of y'all who hadn't heard that.
Fifty-five now.
No joke.
Okay, well, we'll hear about it.
You want to listen?
Okay.
It was about...
I was driving down Covell and I-35.
I just passed Covell on I-35, like I was talking last time, and I was headed towards Guthrie, Oklahoma, and it was right before you got to Waterloo.
It was in between Covell and Waterloo, and I was driving down the road.
It was about 97 degrees outside, and it was hot, hot, hot.
And my wife was pregnant with our third child, and she was big and pregnant.
This is whenever you're getting miserable.
And we were going down the road and my old truck, the gas gauge was broken on it, so you never knew when it was full or empty.
And I was coming back from the church, and I had just finished cleaning and polishing the floors, and it was hot.
There was no air conditioner in this thing.
I had the windows down and all of a sudden, the truck shut off.
I pulled over to the side of the road, and it wouldn't start.
It was completely dead.
It ran out of gas, and I was like, 'Oh Lord,' because my pregnant wife's in the car.
I got my other two.
Megan's really at this time really overcoming bad autism stuff, and Braden's little.
So they were just little, and I was just praying in the Spirit, grabbed the wheel of my truck, and I just started praying, 'Oh, God, send me...
I need help.
I can't leave my family in this truck and walk down the road.
' And it was hot.
So, all of a sudden, I feel this...
I'm pulled over, and I feel this bam, and everybody's head yanked forward.
I thought we had been rear-ended, that's how hard we were yanked.
And all of a sudden, I see this angel with these massive wings spread out like Angels in the Outfield.
I'm talking like massive wings.
And he was full face, chunky-looking in my opinion, a thick dude, massive structure of a guy.
And this was not George, mine.
This was one, and he had a robe on.
He was gorgeous.
And he grabbed a hold of the back of my truck and he started pushing me and my family in that truck, and we started going.
Diana goes, 'Oh God, oh!
' And the kids...
we were freaking out.
I grabbed a hold of the steering wheel, but...
and this is amazing.
The truck's off.
This is supernatural.
I start going on the side of the road, on the shoulder, going faster and faster from a dead stop, all the way up to 70 miles an hour.
I turn this blinker on to get onto the highway because I'm freaking out at this time, like shock and awe.
And we start passing people in the left-hand lane going down the road, all the way down for two and a half miles, from Covell all the way there.
So it's about two and a half miles.
We go all the way down to...
there's a gas station at Waterloo.
I turn right, get off the highway.
We stop at the stoplight there.
You'll see it if you want to verify it.
Go and stop at the stoplight.
And he pushes us through the stoplight again.
He starts pushing us again.
Go through it, go to the gas station.
And as we get into the gas station, he yanks the back of the tailgate and stops the truck in front of the pump.
And we just started screaming and he disappeared.
We just started screaming, 'Glory to God!
Glory to God!
' But our windows were down because it was hot, and everybody at their pumps were looking at us, going, 'What's going on?
' because they could hear us screaming and rejoicing.
And the other people at the pumps...
I didn't care.
I was just freaking out, and the people were looking at us like, 'What is wrong with these people?
' because they were hearing my kids.
Megan was yelling already because she was yelling because we were yelling, because Megan's overcoming, but Braden was laughing, we were all screaming, and everybody was cheering and yelling.
And it was glorious as God took care of us in that moment, and it was just one of those moments that...
it was shock and awe when God comes through and takes care of you.
Something you don't earn and something you don't deserve.
It's just the grace of God.
And it was one of those moments that impacted, I believe, Braden.
Oh yeah.
You tell him.
Yeah.
'Well, yeah, I looked and you're lifting your foot up off the pedal, off the gas, because you weren't even pushing on the gas at all.
The whole car was off.
' It was a...
yeah, I'll never forget it.
I'll never forget it.
And to have power steering...
I'm not a mechanic, but I was able to get on the highway and everything, and the truck was off.
And I still don't understand how it all happened.
My mind can't wrap around it still.
How did that happen?
How did you go down the highway with a truck going in supernatural?
How do you do that?
How does something like that happen?
And most people say, 'Well, that's a made-up story.
' No, it is real.
It really happened.
It's one of those ones that I want to watch back when I get to heaven.
If there's a replay reel of what your life was and everything, I want to rewind it and just say, "I remember when you did that for me.
I remember when you did that for me.
" Those are—that's one of those stacking rocks.
You know how the children of Israel had a stacking rock experience, and every time they wanted to make a monument, like a memorial or whatever, for what God did for them at that point in time, they stacked rocks.
And I had our stacking rock experience at that moment when God came through for me, and it's one of those moments that I'll never forget.
Similar to whenever I stepped on the dog and killed that dog by accident—it belonged to my little girl—and God brought it back to life.
I stepped on that dog and crushed it.
Guts popped all out the side.
Blood squirted out of his nose, and we put it outside because the ground was frozen.
It was snowing.
I got it for Christmas.
We were dog breeders, we had puppies, and that was our brand-new dog.
And we were getting this dog for Paisley for her Christmas, and I stepped on the dog and squashed it to death, to make a long story short.
And my little girl said, "Are you not going to pray for that dog to get up from the dead, Daddy?
" And I had lost it.
I cussed.
I acted a fool.
I used so many bad words that night that I probably made a sailor turn red.
I'm just being real with you.
I acted a fool.
And at that moment, I was broken because I was yelling at everybody.
I was yelling because I killed this dog.
I freaked out.
I lost it.
I was embarrassed by my actions.
So, my little girl came back to say, "Daddy, will you pray for that dog to get up from the dead?
" And I said, "Honey, God ain't going to hear me right now for how I just acted.
God would never listen to me, hon.
" I said, "My faith is not there.
I'm embarrassed.
" She said, "Daddy, all things are possible to him who believes.
Daddy, all things are possible to him who believes.
" I said, "Well, Paisley, then you use your faith because Daddy's isn't there.
" So, she ran up and down the hall just praying as loud as she could in tongues, praying in the spirit, "Oh God, bring my dog back.
" I've never been challenged like that before in my life.
I sat in the back of the room with the door closed, just feeling sorry for myself because I just squashed her dog to death and acted a fool, embarrassed by my actions on Christmas.
I told my wife, "Put that dog in a shoe box, and I'll bury it tomorrow, but just set it out there next to the trash.
Put it on top, because the can was full of boxes already because of Christmas packages and stuff.
" So, she put the box up on top.
She did.
And it was cold, and it had snowed outside.
It was probably about 3 inches of snow on the ground, or whatever it was, and it was frozen.
It was really cold, and I thought, "Man, I'm going to go out there in the snow and dig a place, but I'll do it tomorrow.
" So, she put that dog in the shoe box because my kids got some shoes for Christmas, and she put that out there and she was going and gathering up the rest of the gift-package trash and stuff around the house.
And she went out to go put the rest of the trash outside in the can, and when she did, the dog was gone.
She came back and said, "Brandon, that puppy's gone.
" Because we had a lot of neighborhood cats and we had raccoons and things, I had thought that maybe one of those varmints or whatever took that dead puppy and got rid of it, you know, like trying to eat it or whatever.
Sorry, just being real.
And she went back out there and was looking around, and she heard this squeaking in the bottom of the can.
And she looked down there, and that dog was on both its back feet trying to get out of that can, and it was alive.
All restored, with no blood on it at all, completely healed and touched by the power of God.
She grabbed ahold of that little dog and brought it inside.
And my little girl started screaming, "I told you, Daddy!
All things are possible to him who believes.
I told you, Daddy.
I told you.
" And I said, "Oh, God.
" My wife got that towel and wrapped that dog up and blow-dried that dog and got it hot because it was cold.
And I held that dog in my hand.
I held that dog in my arm.
And I sat there, and I said, "Baby, I'm so sorry.
" I repented.
But at that moment, the Lord spoke to me and said, "Brandon, even on your best day, your righteousness is as filthy rags to me.
Your righteousness is as filthy rags to me.
In the natural, you are never going to be good enough to do what you think you should do.
Only by His blood and by His grace are you ever.
Do you understand?
Self-righteousness is as filthy rags.
" It checked me.
But it had nothing to do with me; it was a little girl's faith.
But He was looking at my heart.
And what I was saying is like trying to add everything up, and you think because you fast and you pray and you don't have this flesh out that you're qualified.
"Well, I'm qualified today because I haven't said any bad words.
I haven't thought any bad thoughts.
I haven't done anything wrong in the natural.
Right?
So, that qualifies me to raise the dead.
" But your righteousness, even on your best day, is as filthy rags.
It's all by the grace of God, any day of the week.
Do you understand?
Even on your best day.
And that's what He was trying to show me that day: no matter how much you freaked out, you're still not good enough, even if you hadn't.
Faith of a mustard seed will move a mountain.
Childlike faith.
The heart of a child.
And I saw the heart of a child that had no guile, no doubt.
Even when she saw her daddy yelling and all these things, she said, "Daddy, will you just believe?
Will you just believe?
All things are possible to him who believes, Daddy.
" And it challenged me that night because I saw the grace of God—something you can't earn and something you don't deserve—come through that day.
You understand?
God is a good God, and the devil's a bad devil.
And I thought, you know, a lot of times you think, "Well, it's because I've fasted today.
Well, I read an extra book today.
Well, I spent more time today in tongues, so that qualifies me.
" So, have you ever heard that one before?
What the Lord did for us?
Forty percent have it.
Sixty percent have on that one.
It blessed my little girl.
One day, I'll let her on here.
She's still too young.
I don't want her on the internet.
There's too many weirdos on here.
I protect my Paisley.
There are a lot of strange people.
And I have to say this because the Holy Spirit said I needed to correct this real quick.
I'm not picking at these people.
I don't know them.
I'm not picking.
The Lord said, "I hope I don't come across gruff.
I'm trying to tell you about other people.
I don't know these people.
" If Sister Billy knew them, but I'm trying to tell you, I get books every single day in the mail.
On average, how many do you think on average, Braden?
Five.
Five at least.
I'm not trying to exaggerate.
So, I'm just trying to be real with you.
On average, five books a day.
Five books a day from somebody trying to get me to sponsor their book so that they can make money.
That's a five.
It's average on a big day—over ten.
And I have bookshelves full.
I didn't realize how many people would do that.
And I'm telling you, big ones, huge authors, big people, wanting you to read their stuff and promote it on your channel.
And so, but this was what I asked for.
But I made that a point to tell people because Diana said, "You make it clear because we get bombarded with it.
" We get bombarded by it.
And so I was doing that for my wife, but sometimes I come across as a jerk.
And the Holy Spirit, when I'm talking, corrects me.
And he said, "You need to be softer," because I hear him.
He's fussing at me in my spirit.
And so I'm being corrected as I'm talking.
And so I have to make that clear that these people didn't do that.
I asked for this, I asked for that.
But I'm doing it because I get bombarded with so much of it.
And you will never see it.
Like I said, I have bookshelves in the garage.
It's absolutely incredible: products, t-shirts, investment ideas, cryptos—trying to get me to sponsor their crypto that they made up, trying to get me to...
what is it?
Network marketing.
You wouldn't believe the network marketing.
I have everybody from Amway—I don't know, not Amway, but I'm just saying that's how big it was back in the day.
But I'm saying how many different network marketing, like MLM, of people trying to sell you something, trying to get you to sponsor their product on your channel so that they can, and they promise you the moon and the stars, "Please, and I'll make you rich.
" And I'm like, "No.
" And that's why I probably come across too aggressive tonight, and I apologize if it did.
I have to say that I hope y'all understand my heart.
I protect the anointing.
I protect the gift.
Okay, if they're still here, people are like, "I can't believe him.
" Well, two days in my shoes, you would.
So, glory to God.
So, let's pray a little bit and then we'll close it.
We have 30 minutes.
Man, that took 35.
Did you enjoy hearing that at all?
I go, "Oh, good Lord.
" Time keeps on ticking.
Time keeps on ticking into the future.
We'll make it short tonight.
We'll come back tomorrow.
I'm sorry I took so long.
Father, I just thank you, Lord, for your hand on us.
Is there anything you want to show us tonight, Lord?
Yeah.
He just said, "Yes, Brandon, tell them the best is yet to come.
" The best is yet to come.
That's what he just said.
When I was praying, he said, "Brandon," I said, "What do you want me to say?
" He said, "Tell them the best is yet to come.
Days of heaven on earth.
" Days of heaven on earth, stories and visitations like I just told you in your own personal lives.
The Lord said, "The glorious outpouring of his church.
" Anything else, Lord?
"Expect," he just said, "expect restoration of homes from this day forward.
Expect restoration of marriages.
Expect restoration of households.
Wayward children are coming home.
" He said wayward children are coming home.
He just said, "What seemed to be impossible will soon just be possible.
" This is where we are right now, said the Lord.
He has great things in store.
Believe him for bigger financially.
Believe him for your healing tonight.
Believe him for exceedingly abundantly above all that you ask or think tonight.
Believe for the experiences of the Lord in your services.
Believe for the glory in your services.
Church unusual.
Oh, angelic aid and assistance.
Angelic aid and assistance.
That's what's going to happen.
Entertaining angels unaware.
The angel armies are there.
There's a great assignment.
Remember the wall.
Angels on assignment.
Glory to God.
He said, "The people are coming, Brandon.
The people are coming.
I see them coming.
They're coming.
They're coming in hot.
Major events are about to take place.
Major events are about to take place, and it's going to shake everybody at a great pace.
" Watch.
A great pace is about to start.
Watch.
A great...
and they're coming in hot like a fastball.
Be ready.
The church bells are ringing.
I see the church bells ringing right now.
I see the church bells ringing.
There's fire in the altar.
There's fire in the pews.
There's fire in the altar and there's fire in the pews.
Get ready.
God's going to do something with you.
Daily seek him.
Oh, I see the snow.
I see before the first snow.
You see the first snow.
You see the snow falling.
I see the snow falling.
What's that about?
He'll wash you white as snow.
Oh, the snow is so beautiful, isn't it?
What is all that snow, Lord?
The snow.
I see the snow.
Yeah.
Watching the advancements of tech.
Great advancements of tech.
Remember the chips.
Great advancements with new chips.
A new type of chips.
Not like Doritos.
Chips.
Okay.
I see an evergreen tree.
A major, like a huge, like one of those sequoia evergreen trees.
Those massive trees.
I've seen this before.
Remember that?
What was that about?
No.
The ones in California.
Do you remember the ones in California, those massive redwoods?
Those massive...
I see those massive trees again.
It's been so long since I've seen that in the spirit.
Don't know.
This tree...
remember the fire.
The fire.
Yes.
The fire on the seed.
This tree is going clear into the clouds.
You can't even see the top half.
What is that, Lord?
Okay.
Okay, no.
Amen.
California is so highlighted to me right now.
His grace is on thee.
His grace.
His grace says, "I see a grace explosion.
It's trying to flip red.
" I see red, a red wave.
I see red.
I see red all over this.
I see red all over California.
What in the world is that, Lord?
What am I seeing, Lord?
"People being fed up," is what he just said.
"People being fed up.
Celebrities losing their influence.
For a turning of the tide concerning celebrity influence, for there will be a great move of my spirit upon Hollywood.
A great move of my spirit upon Hollywood.
And great celebrities you will see that will come to their knee and they will worship me, for I've come to set the captives free.
" I hear him say, "I've come to set the captives free.
" Great celebrities you will see that they will go to their knee, and there will be repentance within them.
I see a great move of the spirit of God upon Hollywood.
I see a great move of God upon Hollywood with A-list celebrities.
I'm talking supernatural.
It's like a great metamorphosis will take place in some of these celebrities.
I see the guy that played in Parks and Rec—what's his name?
Chris...
he's a born-again Christian, Chris.
He gets radical.
Do you know who I'm talking about?
Guardians of the Galaxy guy, Chris Pratt.
Chris Pratt, he is a radical.
He gets radical.
I see this man on fire on another level of Jesus.
Watch Mel Gibson.
I hear the spirit of the Lord say, "Watch Mel Gibson, for a great, great move of my presence will come.
Pray for Mel Gibson with this new Passion of the Christ movie.
I'm going to visit Hollywood, and I see key people with a fresh fire within them.
" Chris, a fresh fire, greater influence, greater stirring inside.
Pray for this man.
Pray for this man, Chris.
A fresh revival inside of him.
I see his face so bold before me.
"Do you hear me, son?
A great revival is coming within a day to Hollywood, and you'll see A-list celebrities.
" I see one.
I see the Kardashians, a shaking in the Kardashians, a shaking, a shaking in the family.
All of them.
I see them, Lord.
I see them.
A great, great awakening in them, for it stemmed clear back to their generations.
Armenian, a great, great, great, great, great revival within them, a shaking in them.
I see them.
They'll be great mouthpieces: Kim, Kourtney, Khloé, Kendall, and Kylie.
I see a great revival within them, a turnaround in the Kardashians.
A great, great revival within them.
I see a revival in Kanye again.
I see a revival stirring up within them, and they will be a great mouthpiece.
You've got to pray for them.
You must pray for them.
I see a revival.
God is going to use them.
And Bieber, they're all connected there.
I see it's like they're all connected.
Kris, and then I see Billy great strongholds of satanic things that hold them.
I see a revival coming to Hollywood.
Help them to stay strong, Lord.
Help them to stay strong.
Visit them in the midnight hour.
Behold, the Lord can make all things new.
Great celebrity influence will help things turn more red.
People have had enough, and it will affect the music industry.
It will affect the music and sports on a greater level.
I hear LeBron James will retire.
What in the world am I hearing?
All this stuff flowing into me.
I see something about sports, about certain key figures calling them kings.
They'll be dethroned.
What is this, Lord?
Some of these people are pompous.
He says, 'And there'll be a humbling within.
' But the olive press that makes them...
some of these people are so hungry.
They're looking for authentic.
And the old wood will burn the hottest.
I hear the spirit of the Lord say, 'The old wood will burn the hottest there.
' It's dry wood, and it will burn.
I see the glory of the Lord burn and turn, and they'll have major gatherings in these celebrity mansions as a place of privacy, as a revival will break out in celebrity mansions.
A shaking's coming.
And there'll be key figures and they'll be mouthpieces, and they'll use their mansions for gathering places.
And the Holy Spirit will move in these gathering places, and great blessing and finances will flow.
I see great tech industry leaders becoming radically born again.
I see Silicon Valley, great tech voices becoming radically born again.
Huge tech people—I don't even know who these people are, but I see they have big homes and they have big influence.
And God's going to use big influence to bring big influence for Him.
That's what the Lord says.
And this would be concerning celebrities and the secular music industry; they'll get radically born again, big names.
And you say, 'How?
They're so tangled up with the devil.
' Oh, they'll hit rock bottom.
You watch, God's going to touch them.
He knows how to get you.
For the heart of the king is in the hand of the Lord.
The heart of the people is in the hand of the Lord, and He works on hard cases.
And I see Him breathing on them.
Do you know how you see a piece of ember from the fireplace, and the flame's out, but you breathe on it and it glows?
That's what they look like, and I see the Master, Jesus, blowing on them and the fire starts.
I just want to camp here just a little bit.
I like looking at it.
I like looking at Beverly Hills.
I like looking at people getting born again.
I just like to camp there.
I like to see the faces.
I want to know who they are.
I see the Hollywood Hills, Bel Air, Brentwood.
I hear those names.
Bel Air will have a major Holy Ghost moving of God, and Brentwood.
And it will look like a revival will break out even in the country music industry.
There's so many of them that have a saving knowledge of Jesus, and God is going to blow on the country music industry with revival.
People will become really radical.
And this will have a huge impact on the younger generation.
This will have a huge impact with the youth.
What I'm seeing, I'm seeing a revival within the youth.
God is calling your sons and your daughters, the young generation.
Watch—I'm talking this young, young 20s all the way down to the teens.
I'm talking a major Holy Ghost revival is coming to your young men and your young women, with Holy Ghost revival in the college campuses, high schools, and middle schools.
Watch what God is about to do with the children and the youth.
The devil has been after the youth, and I'm telling you, God's coming after him harder.
I see a revival in the youth.
Pastors, make a place for the youth to have revival.
Like the young Davids, they'll be dancing before the Lord.
It's going to be glorious.
The Esthers, the Hannahs—watch what God's going to do with the youth, the revival in the youth.
I see huge stadiums full of youth gathering and worshiping.
It's going to be beautiful.
This is going to be amazing, a glorious outpouring.
Three days in a row He's given us something amazing, hasn't He, about revival and things coming.
Hallelujah.
I hear the sound of an abundance of rain.
Great YouTubers, celebrity YouTubers—great revival in celebrity YouTubers.
Even whenever you know, you see this young man, what you're telling me about Scammer Payback, a great revival even in them.
His face has come up before me, and I'm telling you, Braden, even with Scammer Payback when he comes on here, our channel, God is fixing to stir him and use him in a great way.
He was on here.
God is going to stir and use this man in a great way.
I see his face right now.
And I'm telling you, God is going to use you, sir, in a great way.
He's going to use you for a great purpose.
And He'll give you great favor even with other big YouTubers, and you'll be a...
if you allow Him to use you, He'll use you in a greater way.
Great glory as He pours His spirit upon you because you're hungry.
I'm telling you, I see this man.
He's just barely tiptoeing in, but he's fixing to be taken to the deep.
Glory is going to take him to the deep, his whole family.
But it's for a greater purpose.
He's called him to the kingdom for such a time as this.
What started to be a hobby and for fun will be used for great glory in the days ahead.
Arise and shine, for the light has come and the glory of the Lord is risen upon this man.
A stirring on the inside of him.
I see a stirring on the inside of you.
It feels like a whirlwind, a mighty rushing wind of the Holy Ghost, and fire is visiting you today in the name of Jesus.
I hear the sound of an abundant change coming in your household.
A change is coming.
Glory to God.
I see a turning on the inside of you with Holy Ghost and fire, and the name of Jesus on him.
And it will spring forth like fruit.
I see the springing forth.
First the blade, then the ear, then the full corn.
And it's going to keep springing forth out of you.
And the glory of the Lord will soar.
God is using great YouTubers in a greater capacity with great influence.
Some of them right now even are very, very, very worldly, and the Lord is going to breathe fire on them.
I'm telling you all, I see a revival coming on the youth.
I see a revival coming on the youth tonight.
More of an exposing of sex trafficking with the young people.
An exposing of these pedophilia rings is coming.
More exposing.
It will stem from what happened in New York today.
The Lord just said it will stem from what happened in New York today.
There are very dark people that will be exposed as they go through those SIM cards.
And it won't...
this is not just about America.
There'll be a revival in the youth all throughout Europe.
There'll be a revival in the youth in Europe.
And it will start...
I see a revival in the youth in the Catholic Church.
And this will spread like wildfire.
He said, 'I see him.
I see the Lord lighting.
Set my heart on fire.
I want more of you, God.
Set a fire down in my soul that I can't contain, that I can't control, because I want more of you, God.
' I hear them singing at the stadium where those kids are: 'Set a fire down in my soul that I can't contain, that I can't control.
I want more of you.
' I hear them singing.
You know what song I'm talking about?
I hear the song playing in the atmosphere and I see him singing on the stage, Kari Jobe and Elevation Music.
I see there's more music.
I see the youth.
I see concerts there.
I see youth in big stadiums, renting out places.
They're going to do concerts more and more.
I see worship events.
That's interesting; I'm seeing little pieces of this, and I see college...
I see college with this, with Erika.
There'll be like worship events in big stadiums with Charlie's wife.
Do you hear me?
His wife...
his wife...
there'll be worship events with like Kari Jobe and these.
They're going to have concerts.
They're going to have events with the youth.
I don't see them debating; I see them having worship experiences—a revival on the college campuses all around, in the arenas where the college kids would go for basketball.
It's a closed, indoor event, but they're worship events.
But I see Kari, and I see other worship leaders going along with this Erika girl.
She'll speak at them.
She's...
that woman's going to speak—the blonde girl, the one they say is like the Esther.
I do; I see her, Braden.
And she's going into these things and they're having worship events.
It's like Passion Nights.
It's like Glory Nights, and they're holding their cell phones up like they do.
They're doing this, but it's like a concert.
It's like a revival.
And it sets hearts ablaze.
'Set my heart ablaze that I may burn for you.
Set my heart ablaze, Lord, that I may burn for you.
Set a fire down in my soul that I can't contain, that I can't control.
I want more of you, God.
' I hear it.
I hear it.
And they're all wearing the same t-shirts.
'Set a fire down in my soul.
' I'm watching the events as I get caught up in the vision the Lord showed me.
I'm watching the events and I see them spreading like wildfire throughout the nation.
I see that blonde girl, Erika.
I see her speaking, but they're worship events.
They're stirring the people up, causing revival.
There's a revival coming.
There's a great revival coming, and there'll be worship events.
This is beautiful, with the college kids.
It will take on a different shape.
It will look different than what it was before.
It will look different than what it did before.
That's what it looks like.
Praise the Lord.
I just had my own Holy Ghost moment, y'all.
I'm just having my own little service over here.
I forgot I was on the livestream.
I really did; I got so caught up in it.
I know I'm talking to a camera, but my spirit is over there.
I'm with them.
I'm hanging out with them because I hear them singing.
And I was hearing the kids worship.
I hear the college kids worshiping, and it was beautiful.
It was a cappella at times, and they were just letting it flow, and the Spirit was moving in there, and the kids were having a revival.
These young men and women were having a revival on their college campuses, and I was just with them.
I was excited to be there.
I was just like, 'This is fun, huh?
Praise God.
I'm just there.
' And I know you're not there, but I'm there.
So, excuse me for a minute.
I was just listening.
I'm watching what's going on in our nation right now, and I'm seeing it spread, and I'm seeing it going to Europe.
I see this movement going into Europe, in the coliseums of Europe.
People in England and all over Europe are having a revival.
Hallelujah.
You say, 'Well, what about war?
' Well, what about it?
We need to pray for it not to happen.
This is beautiful, what I'm seeing.
'Set a fire down in my soul that I can't contain, that I can't control, 'cause I want more of you, God.
I want more of you, God.
' It's awesome.
Praise the Lord.
It's such a break for me because I usually see so many dark things.
In the last couple of days, the Lord just allowed me to see some really fun things.
A Holy Ghost revival in Hollywood.
I'm expecting to see the Kardashians get born again now, folks.
I'm talking about a radical move.
Glory to God.
It's starting to subside a little bit.
The vision is lifted.
It's almost 12 o'clock, and I understand why.
Glory to God.
Thank you, Lord, for all that You've done here tonight.
For such a short little time, I've had my little thing here.
Well, praise the Lord.
Glory to God.
I'm excited about it.
I'm excited about what I just saw.
I just say, 'Well, praise the Lord.
' Glory to God.
Glory to God.
Set a fire down in my soul.
Praise the Lord.
Well, I don't know if you got heavy, but I did from what I just saw.
And I know you're not seeing it, but I apologize that I didn't try to explain more.
You know, just like you're seeing all this stuff, the glory is coming on these kids, and I'm just there, and I get lost in it.
I just get lost in what the Lord is doing over there.
I've seen it.
Praise the Lord, all throughout this world.
Well, praise God.
Praise the Lord.
I'm excited about Hollywood.
I saw Mel Gibson and the new movie.
My goodness, folks.
Good days—days of heaven on earth.
Hallelujah.
Well, if you're new here, welcome.
Welcome.
Praise God.
I ask you to subscribe.
Help me get the gospel spread throughout the whole world, and we'll pray more tomorrow.
I'm still there.
Oh, Father, we love You.
That's the way it's been for me today.
If you could subscribe, click the subscribe button, click the like button, write a nice comment down below, we're so grateful for every single one of you.
Every single one that is here tonight on this late, late evening.
We're burning the midnight oil here in Central America.
We're burning the midnight oil.
Praise the Lord.
And so we're so grateful for every single one of you.
My goodness, I'm just over there still.
Hallelujah.
Oh my goodness.
Did it come through the camera?
Like I said, I try so hard to tell you what I'm seeing and what the Lord is allowing me to look at.
And I'm just like, my goodness.
And I don't want to be a hog and not tell you—you have to tell the people what you're seeing.
But I'm so fascinated with all these kids and this young woman rising up as an Esther.
God is going to use this young lady in a mighty way, not just a little bit.
And then I see Scammer Payback, and the Lord showed me this kid, this man, I don't know.
I'm telling you, I know he watches, but I don't watch his stuff.
But I'm telling you, God is going to use this man.
And I'm seeing these people, and God's going to use great influence on these young people.
I don't even know how old these people are, but I'm telling you, they're young.
God's going to use them if they just say yes.
And I see the Kardashians.
I see Kanye.
I see all these people.
I'm talking major stirring inside of these people again, Chris.
And I'm like, "Wow, Lord, this is going to be wonderful.
This is going to be wonderful.
" I don't know when.
I expect tomorrow.
I expect right now.
Maybe they're watching, I don't know.
But it would be neat if they were.
If you are, welcome.
It's nice to meet y'all.
Excited to see what God's going to do with your life.
I'll be watching from the sidelines, praying for you—and not from the sidelines, I'm going to be in the mix of the thing.
But when it comes to you all, I'll be fascinated to watch and see what you do, be like, "Hey, this is exciting because you have huge platforms.
What is God going to do with you?
" I even pray for Benny Johnson to have a major radical move of God.
Candace Owens to have a major move of God.
You know, they're big voices with big platforms.
All we need is a spark.
Praise the Lord.
Well, I'm glad I came tonight.
I almost didn't because it was so late, but I told you I would.
And so, I'm going to go read this book and I'll tell you more about it tomorrow.
"I've Been to Heaven" is the book's name.
"I've Been to Heaven.
" We'll see what happens with it.
I'm excited about it.
I asked for it, and it came today in the mail.
But we'll see.
We love you.
We truly do.
We're excited.
I don't know how to close it.
I'm still so excited about everything.
I don't know how to close it, but I know it's late and people want to go to bed.
They're like, "We're ready to go to bed.
Can you shut up?
" There are 7,000 of you.
I'm telling you all, what I'm seeing is amazing right now, and it's awesome.
I'm excited about it.
On the 24th—it's actually fixing to hit the 24th here—I'm just telling you all, I'm seeing a major revival tonight.
And I'm telling you, this Erica girl, Charlie's widow, is about to have an encounter with Jesus like you wouldn't believe.
And I'm telling you, God is going to pour His Spirit out on her.
We think it's big now.
I'm telling you, Holy Ghost experiences.
I see Kari Jobe singing.
I like her music, too.
But I'm telling you, Elevation stuff like this, the worship for the young people, stirring the young people.
And I saw LeBron James—he's going to retire.
I don't know what that was all about.
Something's about to happen, and he'll say, "So long, farewell.
" He was wanting another title, I believe, probably.
But Oklahoma City Thunder, baby!
I don't know why I'm even talking about basketball, but there's something to what the Lord showed me tonight.
I keep praying into it.
And then you saw California turn right.
Oh yes, California started to turn, and people...
I said, "What's that?
" They said, "People are fed up, and you're going to see a rising, a glory move throughout Hollywood.
And you're going to hear celebrities that are going to be really vocal.
" Well, I believe God.
Why not?
Praise God.
Hallelujah.
Pray for our nation.
We're on the walls to pray for our nation.
Pray for these elections, praying into it.
I saw it trying to flip to a stalemate government, and the Lord said, "You must pray.
" Remember what He said?
Don't sit down and take your foot off the gas.
Just like it was when we humbled ourselves and prayed and we saw a turnaround this last election, we have one in 2026.
Don't let it be a fix.
Pray for a red wave, a red revival.
Praise God.
I'm excited, y'all.
I'm telling you, I'm seeing college campuses on fire for Jesus, and it's going to be amazing.
So, I am anticipating a major move of God from all the stuff that I'm seeing tonight.
The Kardashians...
Billie—because I know she has demonic music sometimes—I'm telling you, I started seeing her face.
What was that about?
Did she get radically born again?
But I saw Billie's face and I'm like, pray for her to have a major move of God.
Billie Eilish, that's who it was.
I saw her face.
And I don't know why I saw her face, but I'm telling you, I'm believing God because when I was seeing the Kardashians get born again, I saw Billie's face come up behind them.
And I thought, "What in the world?
" because she's seen a lot of dark music stuff.
And I thought, "Well, why not?
Why not?
" Her and her brother get radically born again and start singing for Jesus.
And then as I saw, I saw celebrities coming up out of the back, and they were having meetings in their homes, their massive homes.
And then I saw a move of God in sports people and in country music artists, a major country music artist revival.
This was something to be seen tonight.
And I was there going, God said, "I'm going to use the celebrities.
" I'll even believe for Taylor Swift.
I mean, you know what I'm saying?
She won't be Taylor Swift anymore; she'll be married to the guy at the Chiefs.
But why not?
"Oh, Brandon, you're just way too far out there.
" Yeah, I am.
I am because I know how big my God is, and He can do exceedingly abundantly above all that I dare ask or think.
And you'll go, "My goodness, it's all hands on deck.
" But wouldn't that be something?
Wouldn't that be something?
Instead of Billie Eilish singing "Bad Guy," she starts singing "Bad Devil.
" "Bad devil, he's a bad...
" Sorry.
Whatever, man.
It could happen.
Glory to God.
I just believe it could.
Believe big.
Help me.
Believe with me.
And we'll pray for these people.
So, we love y'all.
We'll see you again tomorrow.
Remember, put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you so much, and we love you.
God bless you, and we'll see you again soon.
Bye-bye.